Ladies and gentlemen, how are you? It's nice to
be here with you again.
You've made me record this video.
While I was researching to
record another one, I mean, I was here spending
the afternoon compiling, looking at newspaper archives,
comparing a bit of information. No, you
know, I don't like it, I like doing
this kind of thing to make
videos that are really powerful and it turns out that
without wanting to, I came across
several things that have left me a little
disoriented and I have decided to record this
video, which I think will not leave
anyone who sees it indifferent. I want you to
pay close attention to all the
information that I'm going to take out. This
information has been public for a
decade and can be accessed as
easily as I already did. The thing
is that when I saw this information and
compared it, one thing led to
another. Search more, don't watch
Telecinco programs from four or five years ago,
then a question came to me. In
this video, I want to make it clear that I am not
accusing anyone of anything. I'm simply
going to show it and everyone can draw their
own conclusions, but I have
a doubt. I have no doubt.  because it
has been sold to us as if
the sentence, the conviction of Rocío Flores
was known in February of last year by the
hand of Vanity magazine, not the
Vanity publication. It is true that
the Vanity publication is the one that does not
mince words, not in going into more
details. No. In fact, they did a
whole series on this for 7 days, not
seven chapters, but I have found
things that have made me doubt and that is what I am
telling you, I mean, I don't know if I am going to
clarify much with this, but
with everything that we are going to see today, it will be
clear to us that at least there are
people and there are journalists who, if not,
could give information. No, that
could shed some light on who really
could have been interested in the
result of that sentence, that conviction
coming to light. And if it really is
something that I wonder if
Rocío Carrasco, as she told us in the
documentary, would have tried by
all means to stop this from being known.
Well, I doubt that at the moment
that she herself is telling it in the
documentary and then they had to
re-edit the documentary to cut
some things out, no, but with this that you  I'm
going to show you, let's see
my research with some tweets
thanks to some tweets that my
TV compilation published, just in case
someone doesn't follow it at this point.
Well, I think everyone follows it,
but there you have it, lapidary TV, in
which I shared this publication from the
newspaper La Razón, in which you could
read how in 2019, this is an
article by Ángela Portero, on
September 23, 2019,
this article was published, which is apparently an
interview with Carlos Arturo Zapata, who
was a designer and close friend of Rocío
Jurado, where he already tells us in September
2019, pay close attention to everyone, okay,
because I'm going to give it to you in order, pay
close attention to everything, write down the date, and
then you tell me, okay, I've been told
that Fidel is preparing a documentary
about Rocío's life, but they have
put us in contact with me, according to this
publication, according to this man, Fidel
would already be in September 2019, which I
think more or less coincides with
Antonio David entering the Big
Brother house, preparing a documentary
about  the life of Rocío then we have this
other tweet also from lapidario okay
lapidario today you take the cake Ok this
most recent tweet okay This one you posted the
other day in fact in which it is realized
in an interview with Ana
Isabel despite the fact that she is the director who
made the documentary about Rocío Carrasco she
contradicts herself first she says that she
joins the project in September
2020 the only thing my boss told me was
go to her house meet with her
listen And then you tell us what you see
this doesn't add up to me no September
2020 was very recently not a chance I mean they have
already told us that the documentary was being
recorded long before not in
September 2020 I mean in September
2020 this woman is telling us here
that she went to interview her and
then they started recording I mean I think
this is wrong and as
lapidario rightly explains at the beginning of this
same interview Ana Isabel peces
marallón says that her boss told her a
year and a half ago go to Rocío Carrasco's house
listen to her and  then they tell us
what you see then it would be more fitting to me
that the previous thing that we have seen is a mistake,
not what happened in September 2020
and saying here a year and a half is
referring to September 2019 here
we have another wonderful tweet where he
shows us a clip of an interview with
Antonio David at the end of 2020 in
which Kiko Matamoros and Belén Esteban and
María Patiño also confirms it, they would say
that they have found out that Fidel and Rocío
Carrasco have been meeting with the
top brass, not the top brass of them, the
television factory with a lot of documentation to
do something to harm Antonio David
and Rocío Carrasco have met, I am not going to
say where but but I am not
going to say the physical place publicly with a
lot of documentation and they have
presented it to professionals we are
working on this all aimed at
undermining the image and good name of
this man therefore do not say that they do
not speak because they speak and a lot I have
said 300,000 times and I know that you are
watching me that Fidel called the top brass of
Telecinco and the top brass of  Antena 3 so
clear and it is the reality the people who stop it
tell it and those who don't don't
tell it but I don't count because
following the chronological order after
this in February 2020 February of
last year Vanity makes public the
sentence against Rocío Flores It was in February
2020 coinciding with the start of the
opening of Honduras of Rocío Flores
as a contestant on Survivor when
vanity dared to publish what
other media outlets kept silent for years
keep this eh what other media outlets
kept silent for years the dramatic
event that Rocío Carrasco experienced when she was
attacked by her daughter the media outlet run by
Nacho gay author of the report had access to
the nearly 2,000 pages this coincides
a lot with what Kiko Matamoros just said is it
true that they made up the
legal battle over 20 years the
daughter of Rocío Jurado against suéez and the
problems derived from it and that
included the until then underline this
also silenced sentence of her daughter for
mistreating her mother silenced
sentence of  her daughter for mistreating her
mother yes many media have remained silent
now we continue with that just after
the vanitatis report just a few
days later Rocío Carrasco appears on the cover
saying there are wounds that do not
heal Rocío Carrasco Speaks clearly after
the true cause of the
estrangement with her daughter was made public here it is like well
since it has come out Well I tell you
that I am very hurt also in this
interview we have already seen how she lets it slip
that I will talk that the day I get tired I will
talk and also the famous phrase that she is
not going to see her daughter in survivor
because they do not show it on Netflix also in
that interview that she does in a
press conference I think it is no if we see it
later this question catches our attention
will there be a series about your mother and
she answers there are many projects you will
see This was being published at the
beginning of last year What is my
surprise searching and searching a lot
because of course Having been so viral
everything done the documentary everything old
in Google searches is like
very buried I mean you have to be
very specific and it is very difficult for you to
find things no but I find that
this episode of  There's been
so much talk about this episode of
Rocío Flores's aggression towards her mother that they
're telling us that it's
been silenced all these years and that she's
tried to prevent it from being published, she's
tried to prevent it from coming to light. I
came across this article from a
specific media outlet, ABC, a
newspaper that more or less has the same
prestige, not an article published in
February 2013 written by Beatriz
Cortázar and that says the following: A
monumental argument between mother and daughter.
It seems that in addition to shouting,
some slaps, and a complaint filed
with the Civil Guard, this could have
been the trigger for the subsequent
lawsuit that Antonio David Flores has filed
to claim
exclusive custody of his
16-year-old daughter. A
monumental argument between mother and daughter. It seems
that in addition to shouting, some slaps, and
a complaint filed here,
the thing was not very hushed up. I don't know
who would tell Beatriz Cortázar the
thing is that Beatriz Cortázar today
is my criticism of Rocío Carrasco both
on Ana Rosa's program and on
Jiménez los Santos' program we are
talking  that in 2013 this journalist
already knew about this episode maybe they don't go into
many details but she does say
that there was some kind of slap and a complaint I
think she hadn't been convicted yet
this same journalist made public on
March 31st 2017 the complaint that Rocío
Carrasco filed against Antonio David for
alleged psychological abuse and also
a little Later this same journalist published the news in
reading that
the
lawsuit for alleged abuse
by Rocío Carrasco Antonio David was initially admitted for processing It
would be necessary to see if this journalist knows
who was leaking this
information to her who was telling her
all this this news is not mentioned
on several occasions that none of the
parents would be speaking out on
the subject but at the end of it she
says Rocío would be thinking of taking
Raquel Mos to court this year as well
according to people close to the
presenter and consulted by Cortázar
So there we have a journalist
who seems to have been quite
informed not that she had quite a lot of
information yes they don't go into as many
details as vanitati but this
journalist surely remembers
where it all came from  this information
then I find this video from
2018 on viva la vida listen to what
Isabel rábago says This is public
on the telecinco page I mean the
telecinco page says Isabel rábago
releases this and there is this video
and it can and it can be said to be
careful with what you say no it
cannot be said there are a few
people on the set who already know
where the Chinese are going it
will have to be told of course it will have to be
told Isabel rábago let's remember that she is
one of the main defenders on
telecinco of Rocío Carrasco because she is
her friend
the sentence is public there is
a moment when there is a
specific episode between mother and daughter that ends in
proceedings that end in front of a
meeting and that there is one sentence
for the other person and that there are
conditions that legally prevent Let's
see, the details that were
included are not included and Tati because vanitati even
publishes some page but here
Isabel rábago, friend of Rocío Carrasco
who is making it public it is incredible
that Rocío Carrasco did not try to
stop it And now you  I bring another little gem, not
the crown jewel, but it is another little
gem. Now when
journalist Saúl Ortiz enters the scene, Saúl Ortiz is a
journalist that I did not know. I
met him until recently through an exchange
of tweets, no, and a little
private message. I challenged him to a debate,
which I am still waiting for, that we should
do a live debate on my
channel, not to exchange positions, but I
am still waiting for it, and this
journalist. Well, I think it is clear, I do not
think it is any secret, a certain
positioning towards one of the sides.
Republic, headlines in various
media outlets unexpectedly discover
Rocío Flores' strategy
to profit from
her mother's documentary, which is telling you that Rocío
Flores has a strategy to
profit, it talks about the live broadcast that
Juan Husk did with Diego Arrabal in which
Diego Arrabal said that well, Rocío
Flores was silent at the moment because
as they were going to take legal action. Well, they
would have to wait to speak. No, in other words,
a logical thing, it could be a firecracker, no, the
popular accusation that could reopen the
Rocío Carrasco case is
selling you that it could be reopened by
popular accusation a case of alleged
psychological abuse that is based
mainly on the issue of the
statements that
Antonio David has been making throughout the years on the
sets, in other words, he's here a little bit. I'm not
saying that he's going to leave, that it won't be
reopened, I'm not stupid, but unless it
's because of media pressure, as has
happened in many cases, not that they have
become very media-friendly, but that
the case will be reopened because they made the documentary
and because of popular accusation, the truth is that I
doubt it very much. Antonio David
wants millions of euros, this journalist
has been looking a little bit, not at his
career because I didn't know him and I came across
this tweet. Yesterday I had the
immense luck of being thrilled with Anabel, the
owner of a masterful voice, by the way, and Rocío
Carrasco in Valladolid. Rocío Jurado already
has a seat at the Zorrilla and is still
more alive than ever thanks to her
daughter and the show Punto de partida
para aquí. She says that yesterday she was lucky enough
to be thrilled with Anabelle and with Rocío
Carrasco and this tweet that
really caught my attention is in response to this one.
let's talk about this no
fidelviac who as you know is
Rocío Carrasco's husband sued me because he
considered that I was
Antonio David's armed wing and he lost I am a journalist
and here is someone who tells him
the only thing you have done was
sentence Rocío Flores and he answers
I did not sentence her the juvenile court
September 2019 September 2019
September 2019 and September 2019
coinciding more or less with
Antonio David's entry into the Big Brother house
this is the magazine cotilleo.e it is a
publication in which Saúl Ortiz writes
and Saúl Ortiz publishes exclusively Rocío
Flores sentenced after a serious altercation
with her mother Rocío Carrasco cotilleo.es
has had access to the sentence of the such such
such file of the
juvenile court in which without going into
unnecessary lurid details it was decided to
sentence Rocío Flores after a serious
altercation that occurred with her mother this
media has also been able to learn that
Rocío Carrasco whom her daughter also
challenged with serious accusations was
acquitted  of any crime,
the complaint being filed in the relevant court of
intrusion, how did this
sentence reach this newspaper and journalist
according to the documentation in the possession
of this writer Paula Ortiz
caused a psychological alteration in
Rocío Carrasco who was already suffering from an
anxiety disorder derived from the
slander and harassment that Antonio David
carried out in the media
what slander and what harassment Saúl
Ortíz If he has not been convicted of that,
churra against the
slanderous insinuations that seek to trivialize and
question the difficult current situation
of Rocío the technical and medical reports
are blunt blunt because they have not
convicted him and they refer to clear ailments Yes
yes ailments he may have a brutal
confrontation with his daughter similar to those we have
seen for years in
Big Brother wow these words sound familiar to me
No now let's read a little
of the part of the reports that this
journalist publishes in this medium okay
Rocío's behavior towards her
mother seems to be mediated by the
legal problems that her
parents have had throughout  her life
receiving Rocío pressure is more or less
conscious and indoctrinations more or
less conscious that
result in the frontal rejection of the
mother, the daughter of Antonio David and Rocío
openly uses lies against her mother
to obtain some
benefits such as the approval of
the paternal nucleus Now I am very
curious I go to episode 9 exactly
at one hour and 5 minutes and 28 seconds and
I find that coincidentally the
part that Rocío Carrasco teaches from that
report is this one let's see in which it says
Rocío Flores' opinion regarding her
mother it seems like a speech that she herself has
wanted to learn and that is highly
mediated by the conflict that
her parents have established it is skipped there is
a sentence But well you can read it on
screen she uses lies against her
mother openly to obtain
some benefits such as the
approval of the paternal nucleus and to be
able to lead a life more in line with her
interests the part of the
reports that Rocío Carrasco has published in the
documentary has coincided with the part of
the reports that this man has published
in cotilleo.es this medium
has also been able to access  to
sensitive documentation about David The youngest son of
in marriage and would reinforce the hypothesis
of possible parental alignment with
forensic conclusions subscribed
manipulation or paternal indoctrination
the closing of this of this press release
not of report by Saúl Ortiz that has
caught my attention already and it seemed to us of
little use remembering September 2019
explaining that Rocío did not want to greet her
son in the corridors of a court is
telling a half-truth that
morning the minor was protected and
hugged by Olga the wife of Antonio
David who with her attitude seemed to
want to prevent the approach Rocío
avoided confrontation to avoid an
overly violent situation she put the
calm of her son with an evident problem
of understanding before his inevitable desire
to hug him and ask him to return to her
side Saúl tafarta or I wrote in the
article it doesn't have a [ __ ] you have missed
putting that and well I do not point out or accuse
eh I each one there with what they publish
But what is clear to me is
that vanitati was the first to make
public this condemnation that was not
silenced and that it does not seem that
the mother  I tried to stop her because
even a friend of mine from television in 2018
happily blurted it out, I'm not very
interested in the last article
we read in September 2019,
the dates coinciding just just right
with other things in which it
seems that the
documentary was being planned, it really strikes me
that it is so similar to a certain part of the
documentary, I would love to know if any
of these journalists could clarify this for me
Because you could clarify it if you wanted, of
course, that information reaches you, I have been
able to ask them directly because I
actually have direct contact with
these journalists but it's nonsense
because they are not going to tell me either
because they don't want to or because of
professional secrecy but what I am clear about is
that they undoubtedly know who
gave them that information black and white
So nothing, that's it for today's video. I will
be reading the comments box
to see what you think about this. It
seems incredible to me. I will be releasing more
videos in the next few days, okay, I am
collecting a lot of information, a lot of
newspaper archives, investigating a lot,
subscribe and give me a like and I'll see you
tonight on juanju's Channel
live, a kiss